This assignment is built on top of Labs 2,3, and 5. The main task is to
implement the secure session key exchange protocol between the client and the
server as in Fig. 15.5 (page 37 in Module 6 slides) that achieve mutual
authentication and integrated replay attack defense. Note that you should add
some additional fields like the method name, response status etc. to handle
more realistic situations such as failure to decrypt. Please:

(1) Describe your version of protocol as comments in the header part of your
code. You should list the detailed fields in the messages sent out, and
describe the actions of the receiver on how to use the received information for
authentication and replay attack defense.

(2) Implement your protocol in the code. Note that the client side should
construct a 128-bit pr 256-bit random session key depending on you are using
AES-128 or AES-256 (should not be fixed like in Lab 2 anymore) and send it to
the server side. This session key  should be used by the client and server
program for later login operations.

(3) The client and server side should save the public keys of the other sides.
But the client's private key should be only saved at the client side, and the
server's private key should be only saved at the server's side. If you
implement both client and server on the same machine, you should have separate
folders to store the keys used by the client and server. In this lab, we are
assuming that the communication parties are using RSA with 3072-bit key and
OAEP padding.

(4) Make sure you are using bcrypt instead of SHA256 when verifying one's
password at the server side.



Note: A practical security protocol should start with secure exchange of
public keys in the format of certificate ex change, which we will save for the
final project.



What to submit

1. Your updated client and server prog rams (should be in Python) that supports
the security protocol for publ ic key based session key exchange, as well as
the slow hashing algorithm that supports more secure password management on the
server side.

2. A test report that includes screenshot of successful key exchange and login
printouts (you should add some print out sentences in your code to indicate
success or failure of each communication).